Fix path for INFINITIME_DIR variable in README (#179)
InfiniTimeOrg/InfiniSim: README.md

```

By default this builds the simulator using the InfiniTime files from the submodule in your `${PWD}`.

> If you want to use a different repository, you got to mount it and pass the path to the `/sources/InfiniTime` directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a different repository, the easiest way is to mount over the default submodule location in the container at `/sources/InfiniTime`:
```
